## Abstract

Boreal region is facing intensifying resource extraction pressures, but the lack of extensive biodiversity data makes operative forest conservation planning difficult. Many countries carry out silvicultural forest inventories resulting in extensive and up-to-date knowledge-base on the existing forest resources from economical perspective. Coarser inventory data often based on remote-sensing are becoming openly available whereas more detailed data still remains proprietary. By using different types of open and proprietary forest inventory data sets, we investigated how well these data suit the purpose of conservation planning in Finland. We validated the results by comparing them to known areas of high conservation value. We constructed a set of indexes for forest conservation value based on quantitative information commonly found in forest inventories, such as the maturity of the trees, tree species composition, and forest habitat types described by site fertility. Based on these data and also accounting for connectivity between forest types, we investigated the patterns in conservation priority using Zonation, a method and software for spatial conservation prioritization. We show that prioritization analyses based on the coarser open data produce informative results, but only when the reference level is set to mature continuous forest areas. Analyses based on more detailed data always outperform the analyses based on coarser data and are also able to account for more small-scaled conservation value. The location of high priority area seems to be relatively robust across different data sources and analysis options. The results underline the importance of making the detailed inventory data publicly available, because basing conservation land-use decisions on too coarse data may entail serious risk of omission and comission errors. We also demonstrate a workflow which can be used to integrate conservation planning more closely to operative forest management in many countries especially in the boreal zone. 

Keywords: open data; adaptive management; conservation planning; forest conservation management; spatial conservation prioritization; Zonation software
